osu! Slider Creator Application
Authors: Kevin Dai and Terrance Williams

I. Software Requirements
	a. Java 
		As the program is written in Java, make sure you have the latest version of Java. 	
		You can download the latest version of Java by following this link to the official site:
			https://java.com/en/download/
	b. osu!
		If you haven't already, download osu! by using following this link to the official site: 
			http://osu.ppy.sh/p/download
		Check to make sure your computer has everything it needs to run the game (it is not very hardware-intense though). 

II. Using the Program

	A. Downloading a Song File:
		In order to begin editing, you need a song to map! osu! is played using what are known as beatmaps (.osz files).
 		To download a beatmap, create an account on the official osu! website (if you haven't already). Refer to section Ib) for the link.
		Go to the beatmap listing (https://osu.ppy.sh/p/beatmaplist), find a song that	catches your ear, and click on its title. 
		Next, download the song by clicking the pink "Download Beatmap!" button. 

		"If your browser asks you what it should do with the file, choose "Open with osu!" if you can.
		 The file will be downloaded, and osu! will automatically open and import the file.
		 If you choose to save the file instead, or your browser doesn't give you the choice, 
		 download the file, go to the download directory, and either double-click on it to automatically import it in osu! or, 
		 if osu! is already opened, drag and drop the newly-downloaded file directly in the game window. If you are tech-savvy, 
		 be aware that you can also move your .osz files in the "Songs" folder of osu!'s installation directory (default is Program Files).
		 Go play your beatmap! Press F5 at the song select screen if the list isn't automatically refreshed." (http://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/Installation)

		 Alternatively, osu! supports mapping of an mp3 file as well. To do so, select "Edit"
		 mode and drag>drop your .mp3 file into the box on the left side of the screen. 

	B. Finding Your osu! Song File:

		 In order to use this program, you will need an osu! song file. To locate your song file (.osu format),  
 		 open the game and select the "Edit" mode. Select the song you wish to edit by scrolling through the selection.
 		 Next, open the song folder by navigating to the top-left corner of the window and selecting "File>Open Song Folder".
 		 This brings you to the directory in which your song is located. Please remember this location for future reference
 		 (We suggest copying the file path on a piece of paper).

	C. Using the Program:
 		Drawing the Slider:
			To begin, open the application. You will be prompted with a dialog box were you are to locate your desired .osu file
 			(which we previously found in section B!). Navigate to the specific directory and select your .osu file. 
			You will then be brought to the draw screen. On this screen, slowly draw your desired osu! slider shape. Don't worry if you make a mistake! 
			We've implemented a "Clear" button. When you are satisfied with your design, press the "Transform" button. 
			At this point, you will be met with a screen asking for a beat number input. Essentially, type how many beats you want the slider to last
 			in the provided box and click "Create". The program will automatically implement your slider into the .osu file!

								
